2073 bug ongewenste globale stijlinjectie door rhc navigation list (#2325)
nl-design-system/rijkshuisstijl-community: .changeset/floppy-pets-teach.md

---
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-react': major
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-css': major
'@rijkshuisstijl-community/components-angular': major
---

> Updated css to avoid cross contamination. Due to this different rhc css has gotten higher specificity. affected components are:

Author: idd. the `this` is een beetje vaag, 
```suggestion
To avoid unwanted side effects different Rijkshuisstijl community css rules have gotten higher specificity and are only applied in combination with a `.rhc-*` class. Affected components were:
```
